Train Scheduller Pseudocode:

1.	Create global variables for train name, destination, first train time, current time, next arrival, minutes away, and frequency. DONE

2.	Establish connection with firebase.

3	Load all train schedule rows from firebase.

4.	For every loaded train schedul row, create a new table row dynamically (train name, destination, frequency, next arrival, minutes away) and add it to table in html file.

5.	When user clicks on clear firebase button:

		a.	Delete all rows from firebase

		b.	Load all train schedule rows from firebase.

		c.	For every loaded train schedul row, create a new table row dynamically (train name, destination, frequency, next arrival, minutes away) and add it to table in html file.

6.	When user clicks Submit.

		a.	set train name to train name text box value.

		b.	set destinanation to destination text box value.

		c.	set first train time to first train time text box value.

		d.	set frequency to frequency text box value.

	if train name, destination, first train time, or frequency is/are blank

		alert user that the he/she must enter values into text boxes for them to appear in scheduler.

	else if first train time is not military time value

		alert user that he/she must enter military time into first train time.

	else if frequency is not a positive integer

		alert user that he/she must enter positive integer for frequency

	else

		I.	set current time to current military time

		II.	if current time < first train time

				minutes away = first train time - current time (in minutes)

				next arrival time = first train time

			else if current time = first train time

				minutes away = 0

				next arrival time = first train time

			else    

				add frequency to first arrival time while the sum < current time

				When the sum > current time, find the difference in minutes and set it to minutes away

				next arrival time = sum

		III.	Store train name, destination, frequency, next arrival, and minutes away in firebase.

		IV.	Delete all dynamic rows from html file for train schedule.

		V.	Load all train schedule rows from firebase

		VI.	For every loaded train schedul row, create a new table row dynamically (train name, destination, frequency, next arrival, minutes away) and add it to table in html file.

	clear all the text boxes



		